examples/Basic/README.md, before:

# Basic Example App
The folder contains a simple example app that shows how to use the React-Native bridge with the Nami SDK.

## Setup macOS

1. Install homebrew `https://brew.sh/`.
2. Install the packages for `node`, `yarn`, and `watchman`.
```
brew install node
brew install watchman
brew install yarn
```
3. Clone the project -> `git clone https://github.com/namiml/react-native-nami-sdk.git`.
4. Navigate to the correct directory -> `cd react-native-nami-sdk/examples/Basic`.
5. Install Dependencies ->
   - `rm -rf node_modules ; yarn install`
   - `rm -rf node_modules/react-native-nami-sdk/examples ; npx react-native start --reset-cache`

**iOS Setup**

1. Install CocoaPods -> `brew install cocoapods`
2. `cd ios && rm -rf Pods Podfile.lock && RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED=0 SWIFT_VERSION=5 pod install`
3. Either run `yarn run ios` or `open Basic.xcworkspace` and build in Xcode.
4. Local detox tests: `detox clean-framework-cache && detox build --configuration ios.sim.debug && detox build-framework-cache && yarn detox test --configuration ios.sim.debug  e2e/ios --cleanup --headless --record-logs all`


**Android Setup**

1. Requires Android Studio and an emulator to be installed.
2. Open the the file `android/build.gradle` in Android Studio.
3. Allow gradle to sync and build the project.
4. Return to the terminal and run `npx react-native run-android --variant=productionDebug`

Commit message:

3.3.0 (#371)
* 3.3.0-beta.01

* version bump

* crash fix

* Update app_stg.yaml

* version bump

* adjust types and campaign screen

* move resume to main dispatch queue

* 3.3.0-beta.2

* 3.3.0-beta.3

* move handler to a hook

* trigger resume in one place only

* ios version bump and customer manager patch

* 3.3.0-beta.06

* pack the sdk

* 3.3.0-beta.7

* comment out node loc

* 3.3.0-beta.8

* minor fix

* Modernize the bridge to support New Architecture (#370)

* react native new arch transition initial

* update for 3.3.0

* checkpoint

* prec

* checkpoint

* eslint etc

* prettierrcc

* checkpoint

* ts-node to sample app

* iterate on ci checks

* install deps

* format eslintrc

* updates for formatting

* update tests

* update pixel avd

* eslint and android test

* Increase ADB install timeout

* more CI tweaks

* add ExportOptions back

* Android SDK 3.3.0-beta.08

* bump android SDK to 3.3.0-beta.09

* version bump android to 3.3.0-beta.10 and lower desugar version

* remove old proguard rules for retrofit

* fix node reference

* fix android build

* add proguard rules that detox may need

* add proguard for detox

* whitelist 127.0.0.1

* fix android e2e tests

* remove execSync from e2e

* move to faster runner for android e2e

* change runs-on

* priority runner

* adjust test device

* add logging

* increase test timeout

* increase timeout

* fix android productgroup expectation

* change customObject back to ar

* update TV sample app dependencies

* improve TV sample

* add flow listener

* 3.3.0

examples/Basic/README.md, after:

# Basic Example App

The folder contains a simple example app that shows how to use the React Native Nami SDK.

## Setup macOS

1. Install homebrew `https://brew.sh/`.
2. Install the packages for `node`, `yarn`, and `watchman`.

```
brew install node
brew install watchman
brew install yarn
```

3. Clone the project -> `git clone https://github.com/namiml/react-native-nami-sdk.git`.
4. Pack the SDK
   - `rm react-native-nami-sdk*.tgz`
   - `npm pack`
5. Navigate to the correct directory -> `cd react-native-nami-sdk/examples/Basic`.
6. Run the project ->
   - `npm run clean && npm run getsdk && npm run build && npm run start`

**iOS Setup**

1. Install CocoaPods -> `brew install cocoapods`
2. `npm run ios-clean && npm run ios-build`
3. Either run `npm run ios` or `open Basic.xcworkspace` and build in Xcode.
4. Local detox tests: `detox clean-framework-cache && detox build --configuration ios.sim.debug && detox build-framework-cache && yarn detox test --configuration ios.sim.debug  e2e/ios --cleanup --headless --record-logs all`

**Android Setup**

1. Requires Android Studio and an emulator to be installed.
2. Open the the file `android/build.gradle` in Android Studio.
3. Allow gradle to sync and build the project.
4. Return to the terminal and run `npx react-native run-android --variant=productionDebug`
